hi welcome to another episode of the
latest designs and fresh folds do i want
to show you this quick valentine's card
which is really cute with a little face
on the heart here all right um I've got
these face stamps from peachy keen
really happy with them I ended up
getting the PK 490 everyday character
assortment and they've got heaps of
different sizes really easy like yo you
can just pull it out and grab your
punches go along and see which one you
know would fit on that that size punch
or whatever shape you using see which
face would suit that size best I also
got these two PK 94 93 everyday
character face parts and they're
different face parts that you put
together similar to this one this is a
PK 943 sunshine face parts so if you
haven't seen the peachy keen stamps pop
over to the website i'll have a link
there and have a look really fun little
stamps they really dress up your your
plane punches to something special and I
want to thank Kim score for putting me
on to them alright so I'm not going to
show you this flower today how to make
that you can pop over to getting crafty
blog and see Christina's video I'll have
a link there for that how to make these
cool flowers and whipper snipper going
next door so every time I seem to do
this something something noisy starts
but anyway we'll go ahead so I'm just
going to show you how to do the space
and the leaves here okay for the large
heart that I'm going to put in the
center of my flower i'm using the 1-inch
face okay this smiley one right at the
end it's got all the measurements of the
faces down the side which make it easier
to to figure out with your punches so
I'm going to use that one today and you
just simply peel it off and put it on to
your acrylic block and it sticks really
good all right so I'm just using basic
black ink
and i'm just going to stamp my face on
like that and i'm going to punch it out
with the heart just make sure you Center
it right now what I'm going to do or
just zoom up I'm just going to add some
white gel to my eyes I think I found
that came up heaps nicer if you can see
the difference there alright so just go
carefully and put some white gelling
those spaces in the eyes
it's like that let that dry for a second
then I'm going to just sponge around my
pink card here in some cherry cobbler
soon let back up I though you coming
blurry all the time okay I'm just going
to give my heart an outline speak ever
you don't smudge that job in right and
I'm going to pop that up then I put foam
either side of this i have found that
that worked best with this folded flower
but put in the center then i'm going to
just keep my red flower good sponge as
well thank you Christina for showing us
how to make these it spoiled of Scott
flowers very pretty right now I've got a
card base you made up to set up with
flower on and I've just cut a strip of
green card and to make these the leaves
at the base of the flower be really easy
to do just put your heart punch in punch
that out once and just slide it down
that will give you a nice little leaf
shape at the bottom I've used a sponge
you know I want to put some vein lines
in it so I'm just going to start at the
point there and just drag my piercing
tool down that's going to give me a
center line for my leaves right and then
run down the middle so that's the shape
in then then that I've given the Leafs
and i'm just going to sponge that a
little bit
okay so let's put the flour onto the
card just going to put it out of a
little angle just to make it look fun
and where's my blue okay so glue is talk
on to your leaf and then just pop that
in there and glue that on like that and
I've just kind of couple pieces of card
here i'm not sure how how are big they
are but i want to make a little banner
okay we're just going to make the banner
for the bottom and i'm just using my tag
punch and I'm just slipping that in like
that and cutting off a little wedge from
it easy as that and i'm just going to
then it blew their stick that on
that and I did give my other one just a
small curve I can't find my bone folder
at the moment it's a lot of things on my
desk but all's I've done is just double
it up double piece of foam up set that
on there like that and then just curve
it back the other way
like that and i'm just going to put a
couple little dime aunties on either end
of that
like that and then one on the face and
small one I can get it off the plastic
alright and that's my cute little peachy
keen face card i think i'll be using
these little bit more and experimenting
with them a little bit more i really
like them okay i hope you enjoy and i'll
catch you later bye